What brings you here?
Did you take my mom away again?
Didn't you say that as long as I keep the child
Did you help him find Shengyuan?
Shengyuan has found it.
Will hold soon
I changed him for him
I don't know what you are nervous about later.
Where is my mom now
Take a good look
warmth
As long as you listen to me
I will treat her well
If you don't listen
That's shameless
What's the difference between you and a robber?
Of course there is a difference
The difference is that I can arrange a transplant for your mother
Warm you are smart
You know what I want
Stay away from the armed police master
Don't hold any promise
Keep a secret
Don't tell anyone.
Otherwise, I'll protect you all.
Jiang is no one
Don't you touch me?
Don't touch him
Then it depends on your performance
here
Not a place for a bitch like you
Come on, take this bitch out for me
What happened today was a terrible retribution
I closed my eyes and woke up.
Did the dream disappear?
Lu Jingshan, didn't you say you wanted to surprise your mother?
Today is really a good day.
But I'm so sad.
I feel like I'm out of breath again
Lu Jingshan, this is a dream, right?
road